# CS250-SDLC

1. How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
   The best way I believe to intepret user needs is to first collect lots of information from the client. Interviews can be an especially effective way to accomplish this. Next when implementing them into a program, it is really important to put yourself in the shoes of the user. This helps prevent you from creating a program that is developer friendly as opposed to user friendly. Creating user stories helps a great deal with this. First it helps break down a larger system into smaller easier to manage pieces. This helps prevent getting lost in the weeds. Next user stories work hard to put the developer into the minds of the user. The value statement helps the developer focus in on how, after completion, this user story is expected to work for the user. Additionally, framing acceptance criteria in a user story through the lense of the user helps the developer always focus on the user's needs first and foremost.

 2. How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
    After crafting a rough plan of how to proceed, I try when developing to start basic and grow in complexity. It is easier to take a step back in complexity then have to start from the beginning because you forgot a key component. This helps follow the Agile principles of 'employing iterative and incremental development' and 'reducing forms of uncertainty simultaneously'. I also like testing often. Even if its a very small component in the program, I always want to make sure that it works before I move on to the next focus. This also aligns with Agile, especially Agile's focus on always being able to have some sort of working, deliverable code.

3.What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
  Three components I believe are important to being a good team member are communicating, working diligently, and accepting responsibility together. Communication is important because it reduces redundancy. In my case, as a new developer, it is important because rather than spending unnecessary time spinning in circles or fixing mistakes, reaching out to fellow more experienced team members means I am able to receive more knowledge and not impede progress on projects we are working on. Working diligently is important because when every member of the team works hard, it keeps the load light and never puts an unnecessary burden on one individual. Even if not as qualified as others on the team, a new developer can have a strong impact by working diligently on the things that they can accomplish. Last, Agile encourages accepting responsibility as a team. This is very valuable because it helps reduce competition, it prevents team members being overworked, and really motivates you as an individual to find ways to support your teammates. This is because their successes are your success and their mistakes become your mistakes. It helps put a great deal of focus on the success of the project then your success as an individual.
